c:\users\rkmishra.sainath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CompleteMVC\CompleteMVC\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\rkmishra.sainath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CompleteMVC\CompleteMVC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\rkmishra.sainath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CompleteMVC\CompleteMVC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\rkmishra.sainath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CompleteMVC\CompleteMVC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\rkmishra.sainath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CompleteMVC\CompleteMVC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\rkmishra.sainath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CompleteMVC\CompleteMVC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\rkmishra.sainath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CompleteMVC\CompleteMVC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\rkmishra.sainath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CompleteMVC\CompleteMVC\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\rkmishra.sainath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CompleteMVC\CompleteMVC\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\rkmishra.sainath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CompleteMVC\CompleteMVC\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\rkmishra.sainath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CompleteMVC\CompleteMVC\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\rkmishra.sainath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CompleteMVC\CompleteMVC\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\rkmishra.sainath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CompleteMVC\CompleteMVC\bin\CompleteMVC.dll.config
c:\users\rkmishra.sainath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CompleteMVC\CompleteMVC\bin\CompleteMVC.dll
c:\users\rkmishra.sainath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CompleteMVC\CompleteMVC\bin\CompleteMVC.pdb
c:\users\rkmishra.sainath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CompleteMVC\CompleteMVC\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\rkmishra.sainath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CompleteMVC\CompleteMVC\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\rkmishra.sainath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CompleteMVC\CompleteMVC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\rkmishra.sainath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CompleteMVC\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\rkmishra.sainath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CompleteMVC\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\rkmishra.sainath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CompleteMVC\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\rkmishra.sainath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CompleteMVC\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\rkmishra.sainath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CompleteMVC\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\rkmishra.sainath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CompleteMVC\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\rkmishra.sainath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CompleteMVC\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\rkmishra.sainath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CompleteMVC\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\rkmishra.sainath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CompleteMVC\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\rkmishra.sainath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CompleteMVC\CompleteMVC\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\rkmishra.sainath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CompleteMVC\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\rkmishra.sainath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CompleteMVC\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\rkmishra.sainath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CompleteMVC\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\rkmishra.sainath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CompleteMVC\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\rkmishra.sainath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CompleteMVC\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\rkmishra.sainath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CompleteMVC\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\rkmishra.sainath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CompleteMVC\CompleteMVC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\rkmishra.sainath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CompleteMVC\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\rkmishra.sainath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CompleteMVC\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\rkmishra.sainath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CompleteMVC\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\rkmishra.sainath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CompleteMVC\CompleteMVC\obj\Debug\CompleteMVC.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\rkmishra.sainath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CompleteMVC\CompleteMVC\obj\Debug\CompleteMVC.dll
c:\users\rkmishra.sainath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CompleteMVC\CompleteMVC\obj\Debug\CompleteMVC.pdb
c:\users\rkmishra.sainath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CompleteMVC\CompleteMVC\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\rkmishra.sainath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CompleteMVC\CompleteMVC\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\rkmishra.sainath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CompleteMVC\CompleteMVC\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\rkmishra.sainath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CompleteMVC\CompleteMVC\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
F:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
F:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
F:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
F:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
F:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
F:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
F:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
F:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
F:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
F:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
F:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
F:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
F:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\CompleteMVC.dll.config
F:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\CompleteMVC.dll
F:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\CompleteMVC.pdb
F:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\EntityFramework.dll
F:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
F:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
F:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
F:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
F:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
F:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
F:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
F:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
F:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
F:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
F:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
F:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
F:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
F:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\EntityFramework.xml
F:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
F:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
F:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
F:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
F:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
F:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
F:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
F:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
F:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
F:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
F:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
F:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
F:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\obj\Debug\CompleteMVC.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\obj\Debug\CompleteMVC.dll
F:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\obj\Debug\CompleteMVC.pdb
E:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
E:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
E:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
E:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
E:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
E:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
E:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
E:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
E:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
E:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
E:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\CompleteMVC.dll.config
E:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\CompleteMVC.dll
E:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\CompleteMVC.pdb
E:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\BALClassLib.dll
E:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
E:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\ModelsClassLib.dll
E:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
E:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
E:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
E:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\DALClassLib.dll
E:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\BALClassLib.pdb
E:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\ModelsClassLib.pdb
E:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
E:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
E:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
E:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
E:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\bin\DALClassLib.pdb
E:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\obj\Debug\CompleteMVC.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\obj\Debug\CompleteMVC.dll
E:\MyProjects\OnlinePandit2\CompleteMVC\obj\Debug\CompleteMVC.pdb
